---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title:  Week of 12/5, FRQ requirements
description:  Grade MCQ and study FRQ types.   #1
permalink: /points/15
image: /images/points.jpeg
categories: []
type: plan
week: 15
---

## Plans Week 15
- Monday: Grading MCQ blogs and FRQs
- Tuesday: FRQ1 and FRQ2 overviews
- Wednesday Work Day (Take 2019 FRQ test)
- Thursday: FRQ3 and FRQ4 overviews
- Friday: Work Day

### Add FRQs to your study plan
> There are four types of FRQs required.  Add to your study Guide a Jupyter Notebook FRQ from each of these four types.  Make sure you correlate the solution with vocabulary.
1. Methods and Control Structures question
2. Classes question 
3. Array/ArrayList question
4. 2D Array question
### Learning Strategy
> The FRQs should be thought of and built into an ongoing learning strategy.
- Perform Hacks on 2019 FRQs as soon as possible.  Become familiar with type of FRQs.
- Each individual in team ***will have*** full stack responsibility for building each of the FRQ types into Team PBL project.

### Hacks 
> Implement 2019 FRQs. ***Focus*** on the type of the FRQ as you are working on, determine how FRQ types are different.  Make sure you tag unique types into your Jupyter Notebook.
- [College Board FRQs, requires login](https://apstudents.collegeboard.org/courses/ap-computer-science-a/free-response-questions-by-year)
- Make a Jupyter Notebook on each FRQ with Tags.
- Complete dependencies with methods according to your imagination.  For instance, use a random number or date to complete a given method.  Ask your team, pair, crossover, and slack before you ask me.
- Evaluate your success against this video.  [2019 FRQs explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdic9Fi_XTc)
