---
toc: true
layout: post
description: 
categories: [techtalk]
title: TT 1.0.0 - Tools and Equipment
---

### Equipment, accounts and tools
- A laptop, that you bring to class every day with the Development Tools installed on it.
- GitHub Account, VS Code will be used to push/pull changes. GitHub is where we store and share code in the cloud, think of Google Docs but for Code.
- GitHub Pages will be used to host your personal web site, notes, and experiences.
- Jupyter Notebooks will be used in conjunction with GitHub Pages to build running Java Code in your Technical Notes.
- Slack Account, install App on Laptop, get used to reading announcements. Slack is the tool will use for messaging, we have been averaging 35,000 message per class.
- Java is the key language you will be using in this class.  Spring, Thymeleaf, HTML, CSS, JavaScript are the key supporting technicals you will be using to enhance your learning of Java. 
- VS Code is the code editor we will be using in this class.  VS Code is more than and editor, it is called and Interactive Development Environment (IDE). 
- AWS Account for deployment, this will be provided by Teacher.  AWS Cloud Commputing and Servers will be used to Deploy and Support projects.


### GitHub, VS Code Installation and Setup (Allie to verify and add stuff to this outline)
    - VS Code https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/java
        - Install the Coding Pack for Java
        - Install Extension Pack
        - Spring Boot Extension Pack
    - Start Java GitHub Repo from Template https://github.com/nighthawkcoders/spring_portfolio/generate
        - VS Code Clone new GitHub Project 
        - Run/Play your project from Main.java
        - In Chrome or browser, run localhost:8080
        - Push a minor change and Verifiy on GitHub
    - Start Pages/Fastpages GitHub Repo from Template https://github.com/nighthawkcoders/APCSA/generate
        - Follow FastPage Repo Setup, skip Step #1, start Step #2 Pull Request (PR) https://github.com/fastai/fastpages#setup-instructions
        - Verify GitHub pages is running
        - Install Jupyter Kernel Spec for Java (IJava) on your machine https://github.com/SpencerPark/IJava#install-pre-built-binary
        - VS Code Clone new GitHub Project
        - Run/Play a Jupyter notebook _notebooks/2022-06-14-anatomy.ipynb
        - Push a minor "markdown" change and Verify on GitHub
        - Verify "markdown" change on GitHub Pages
        - Create a new Jupyter notebook and publish to _notebooks directory https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/datascience/jupyter-notebooks
