---
toc: true
layout: post
description: 
categories: [techtalk]
title: TT 1.0.1 Roles, Issues, and Scrum Board
---

Roles
- Scrum Master
- DevOps
- Frontend Developer
- Backend Developer

Workload
When planning there is an expectaion of time.  
- Individual in Class Time.  You should expect 3 to 4 hours of productive classroom work each week.
- Individaul at Home Time. To maintain pace in this class, you should consider a 2 hour coding or design session (weekly) outside of class time.  
- Sprint Calculation Time.  5-6 hours of coding or planning per week per individual, or 20-24 hours per team.  If we had a two week Sprint this would be 40-48 hours of work.
- Key to success.  Make great use of time in class.  Pair share programming typically provides three time dividend over individual programming when you are learning something new.

Issues
Sprint cadences have ideas/issues that are broken into short term work units on a Scrum Board (task).   

Scrum Board
The Scrum Board contains issues that are assigned to individuals,  each of these issues will have "tangible" deliverable (code/video/...).  Pair, Scrum Team, will use Scrum Board to understand everyones ideas and efforts.  

Assessments / Reviews
During Teacher reviews ( 1 v 2 pair, 1 v 4 team) meetings you will provide Teacher with issues that are "review ready" these represent your Deliverables.   

Sample Two Week Sprint 
Week 1
Monday - Sprint Objectives, Scrum Team Planning
Tuesday - Test Prep Tuesday (Student Led)
Wednesday - Code, Code, Code
Thursday - Tech Talk (Teacher)
Friday - Code, Code, Code; Teacher 1 v 1
** 2 hours outside of class for project work

Week 2
Monday - Sprint Grading plan,  Scrum Team Planning
Tuesday - Test Prep Tuesday (Student Led)
Wednesday - Code, Code, Code
Thursday - Tech Presentation (Student)
Friday - Code, Code, Code; Demos/Self/Peer Grade
** 2 hours outside of class for project work

Scrum Board / Kanban
Issues are placed in columns on a Scrum Board to represent progress.  The below columns have been successful in our academic environment.  Look at picture to see working example of Issues and Scrum Board. A key deliverable of this Tech Talk is starting a Scrum Board with the items due on Monday.
1. To do/backlog
2. In progress
3. Complete
4. Deployed
5. Review ready  ### Teacher ready
6. Done

