---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title:  Week of 11-14, FRQ requirements
description: Study FRQ types
permalink: /points/13
image: /images/points.jpeg
categories: [1.B]
type: plan
week: 13
---

## Trimester 2 Pre-Holiday Units #1-#10 Objectives
> Establish a ***clear focus on FRQ types*** and obtain ***mastery in Units 1-10***.  Ensure Fastpages study blog is organized for student success.  Complete the pre-holiday work by ***planning new project*** and ***ensuring college board elements are incorporated***, databases and security are incorporated into the project.
- Become fluent in 4 FRQ types.
- Establish mastery in Units 1-10.
- All student complete Teaching requirement.
- Students will demonstrate Fastpages, Jupyter Notebooks, and java kernels working on their machine.
- During Pre-Holiday students will be expected to complete Fastpages/Blog with Homework assignments on FRQs and Units #1-#10.
    - Every individual considers Fastpages tagging and searching on their blog.
    - Every student required to use Blog for both Study and PBL reference.
    - Revisions are encouraged after grading, these revision can be presented to Teacher to enhance published grading in office hours.
- Student Grading of FRQs and Units #1-#10
    - Comments will be enabled on each assigned page within Student Blogs.
    - Student grader will comment and score on user comments on Blog page.
    - Each pair will score the entirety of pairs FRQs and Unit #1-#2 based on grader calculations.
    - Crossover Pair from Crossover Team, will evaluate grading for accuracy completeness.  Crossover teams will provide their seal of endorsement on grades with comments and something they learned from the evaluation.

## Trimester 2 Pre-Holiday Project Team formation
> Here is a list of Java BE required features.  Students are allowed to select their own FE features and application purpose.
- Spring Security and JWT
- Usage of a Database (ie SQLite).  Or, use AWS RDS instead of SQLite
    - [RDS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WwR2zbkQdQ)
- Team Roles
    - Scrum Master needs to take accountability of Quality of overall Project at each presentation milestone.  They will assist in Frontend development.
    - Frontend Developer will be responsible for user functionality. 
    - DevOps will be responsible for issues related to broken builds, loss of data, or merge failures.  They will assist in Backend Development. 
    - Backend Developer will be responsible for database functionality 
- Each individual performs Full Stack development on Methods, Control Structures, Classes, List (ArrayList), and/or 2D arrays.  To facilitate this action, perhaps flip roles during Trimester.

## Plans Week 15
- Monday: Grading MCQ blogs and FRQs
- Tuesday: FRQ1 and FRQ2 overviews
- Wednesday Work Day (Take 2019 FRQ test)
- Thursday: FRQ3 and FRQ4 overviews
- Friday: Work Day

### Add FRQs to your study plan
> There are four types of FRQs required.  Add to your study Guide a Jupyter Notebook FRQ from each of these four types.  Make sure you correlate the solution with vocabulary.
1. Methods and Control Structures question
2. Classes question 
3. Array/ArrayList question
4. 2D Array question

### Learning Strategy
> The FRQs should be thought of and built into an ongoing learning strategy.
- Perform Hacks on 2019 FRQs as soon as possible.  Become familiar with type of FRQs.
- Each individual in team ***will have*** full stack responsibility for building each of the FRQ types into Team PBL project.

### Hacks 
> Implement 2019 FRQs. ***Focus*** on the type of the FRQ as you are working on, determine how FRQ types are different.  Make sure you tag unique types into your Jupyter Notebook.
- [College Board FRQs, requires login](https://apstudents.collegeboard.org/courses/ap-computer-science-a/free-response-questions-by-year)
- Make a Jupyter Notebook on each FRQ with Tags.
- Complete dependencies with methods according to your imagination.  For instance, use a random number or date to complete a given method.  Ask your team, pair, crossover, and slack before you ask me.
- Evaluate your success against this video.  [2019 FRQs explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdic9Fi_XTc)
